[Cloud] Added link about offloading redirects to Fastly to routes.yaml (#8039)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/project/project-routes-more-redir.md

{% include cloud/note-route-all-placeholder.md %}

> {:.bs-callout-warning}
> In Magento Commerce Cloud, large numbers of non-regex redirects/rewrites should not be done at the Nginx layer as it can cause performance issues. If the size of your `routes.yaml` file is 32KB or larger, you should offload your non-regex redirects/rewrites to Fastly.
> The article [Offload non-regex redirects to Fastly instead of Nginx](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/360035192891-Offload-non-regex-redirects-to-Fastly-instead-of-Nginx-routes-) explains how this can be achieved.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.bs-callout-warning}
For {{ site.data.var.ece }} projects, configuring large numbers of non-regex redirects and rewrites in the `routes.yaml` file can cause performance issues. If your `routes.yaml` file is 32KB or larger, offload your non-regex redirects and rewrites to Fastly. See [Offload non-regex redirects to Fastly instead of Nginx (routes)](https://support.magento.com/hc/en-us/articles/360035192891-Offload-non-regex-redirects-to-Fastly-instead-of-Nginx-routes-) in the _Magento Help Center_.
```
